Initial app changes with readme (#1)
DataStax-Examples/quickstart-python: README.md

# DataStax Desktop - Python Netflix example
An introduction to using the Cassandra database with well-defined steps to optimize your learning. Using a Netflix dataset for sample data, your locally running Cassandra database will contain a minimal set of show data for you to customize and experiment with.

Contributors:
* [Jeff Banks](https://github.com/jeffbanks)
* [Chris Splinter](https://github.com/csplinter)

## Objectives

* Leverage DataStax driver APIs for interaction with a local running Cassandra database.
* Set up a Cassandra Query Language (CQL) session and perform operations such as creating, reading, and writing.
* Use the Netflix show dataset as example information across three differently constructed tables.
* Observe how the partition key along with clustering keys produce an optimized experience.
* Have fun!

## Project Layout

* [app.py](app.py) - main application file

> * [netflix-shows.cql](netflix-shows.cql) - Use this file to create the schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [netflix-shows.cql](netflix-shows.cql) - file to create the schema
```

## How this works

> To get started, read through the comments in the `app.py` to familiarize yourself with the steps for interacting with your own Cassandra database. The functions invoked by the `app.py` are created to provide more flexibility for modifications as you learn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, read the `app.py` comments to learn the steps for interacting with your Cassandra database. The functions invoked by the `app.py` are created to provide more flexibility for modifications as you learn.
```

## Setup and running

### Prerequisites

> If using [DataStax Desktop](https://www.datastax.com/blog/2020/05/learn-cassandra-datastax-desktop), no prerequisites will be required. The Cassandra instance is provided with the DataStax Desktop stack as part of container provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using [DataStax Desktop](https://www.datastax.com/blog/2020/05/learn-cassandra-datastax-desktop), no prerequisites are required. The Cassandra instance is provided with the DataStax Desktop stack as part of container provisioning.
```

> If NOT using DataStax Desktop, spin up your own local instance of Cassandra exposing its address and port to align with the settings in the **app.py** file.  You will need to install and perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If NOT using DataStax Desktop, spin up your own local instance of Cassandra exposing its address and port to align with the settings in the `app.py` file.  You will need to install and perform the following steps:
```

* A running instance of Apache Cassandra® 2.1+
* Python 2.7, 3.4, 3.5, or 3.6.
* Use Pip to install the driver: pip install cassandra-driver

> * We highly recommend to use a virtualenv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Installed Cassandra driver: `pip install cassandra-driver`
* virtualenv (recommended)
```

All of the connection code is contained in the `app.py` file.  The `create_cluster` function is used to connect to your instance of Cassandra.

```javascipt
const client = new cassandra.Client({
  contactPoints: ['127.0.0.1'],
  localDataCenter: 'dc1',
  keyspace: 'demo'
});
```

## Running

> Simply kickoff the app from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the app from the command line.
```
